Frontend:

    Let cancelled = false and then return () => {cancelled = true} prevents in-flight processes from updating a component that has changed/
    unmounted. The return is a function that gets run whenever the component unmounts or refreshes, so it effectively
    cancels out all in-flight processes.
    
Database:

    Ok to store things multiple places on the Java/server side - so long as it's in only one place storage/database side (can save lookups). Important
    part is that there's only 1 source of truth (storage side)

    If pulling all of one object with a foreign key, can eagerly grab all the others from the other table to save N+1 problem.

Backend:
    Error handling done by registering exceptions with an exception handler, which get looked at if an error bubbles up past the controller.
    Since RuntimeExceptions are unchecked our custom exceptions should be runtime exceptions.

    Mapping from external API -> DTOs happens by mapping field names, so has to match exactly

    When DTOs get returned from controller, they get sent to frontend as JSON as whatever record we defined.

    For passing info in an API, you have 3 options:
        1. Path variable e.g /instrument/{id}. Use when identifying a specific object
        2. Query Param e.g ?q= or ?symbol=. Use for filtering, search, paging (generally short things)
        3. Request body. Data itself being created or replaced

    If passing JSON as body, have to include -H "Content-Type: application/json" to indicate you're sending JSON

Testing:

    Implementation specific tests should exist *alongside* the implementation agnostic tests. E.g there should be one test
    that mocks the specific client/abstract contract to test a service, and then a deeper test that tests concrete implementations
    which mock the server (don't actually call the API)

    Web-level E2E tests should always exist so that the HTTP hitting the frontend is checked. If the API is any more
    than database retrieval, backend unit tests should also exist (can be both implementaiton specific and agnostic if calling
    external API, leading to 3 total tests)

    Controller tests need to use MockMvc so that the ExceptionHandler is triggered. If not, you'll see the exceptions being
    thrown, but not that they're being caught and turned into the problem details with the specific statuses you chose.